These terms have last been updated on 08/28/24.

For a quick, non-legal overview:
These terms can change whenever, but you will be informed when.
Whatever you put into the bot should be non-objectionable.
For any sort of questions, DM @whirlingstars on Discord.

With that out of the way, the more formal definition is below.

For the purposes of shorthanding, here are some definitions:
"Whirligig", the "Service", or the "Bot" refers to the Whirligig discord bot.
"I" or "My" refers to myself, whirlingstars.
"Data", "Content", or "Settings" refers to anything Whirligig stores on my servers - tags, random texts, information like that.
"You", "Your", or any other nouns with the same meaning refers to you, the individual using Whirligig.
"These terms" or just "terms" refers to this document.
"Privacy policy" refers to our privacy policy, accessed here: https://whirling.infernity.dev/whirligig/privacy_policy.txt
These may all be used in the lowercase form, as well.

You agree that you have read these terms before using Whirligig. If you break these terms, your permission to use Whirligig may be restricted or removed.
These terms may change at any time, however you are entitled to be informed through the "Whirligig Central" discord server, in the "bot-announcements" channel.
The privacy policy may also change at any time, however you are entitled to be informed through the same channels.

Whirligig stores data about you and miscellaneous content. How it is used is in the privacy policy, and you agree to it by using the bot.

I am not responsible for content you or other users put into Whirligig! You grant myself the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform,
publicly display, reproduce, and distribute your content, but you retain all of your rights to the content you submit to Whirligig.
You are also responsible for protecting these rights. Other users may use your content subject to these terms.

The burden is on you to make sure that you own the content or can otherwise use it and give us the same rights to your content as described above.
The burden is also on you to make sure that your content does not violate privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any
other rights of any person.

You may not submit any content that is unlawful, offensive, upsetting, intended to disgust, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable. 
Examples of such objectionable content include, but are not limited to, the following:
● Unlawful or promoting unlawful activity.
● Defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content, including references or commentary about
religion, race, sexual orientation, gender, national/ethnic origin, or other targeted groups.
● Any form of advertising without our approval.
● Using Whirligig to spam in any channel or DM without permission from others.
● Containing or installing any viruses, worms, malware, trojan horses, or other content that is
designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware or
telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other
information of a third person.
● Infringing on any proprietary rights of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other rights.
● Impersonating any person or entity including myself.
● Violating the privacy of any third person.
● False information and features.

If you are a copyright owner [or authorized on behalf of one], and you believe that copyrighted work has been copied in sunch a way that consitutes copyright infringement through Whirligig,
you must submit your notice in writing to the attention of myself through Discord at @whirlingstars.

If you want to submit a DMCA copyright takedown notice, send @whirlingstars the following information (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
● An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright's interest.
● A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web
page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work.
● Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that You claim
is infringing is located.
● Your address, telephone number, and email address.
● A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
● A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice is
accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

Whirligig may link to websites which are not controlled by us. We do not assume any form of responsibility for these sites. I am not responsible or liable for anything that happens outside of Whirligig.
You may lose permission to use Whirligig at any time, for any reason, without limitation.

Whirligig comes as is, without warranty of any kind.
